# Information


## Disclaimer

The views expressed anywhere on this site are strictly mine and not the opinions and views of my employer or any vendor mentioned. All information is provided "as is" with no warranties, and should be tested prior to any implementation, and I hold no liability for the outcome of the information, scripts, or other content provided on this site.

## Privacy

This site collects usage data using Google Analytics 4 using cookies, giving us insight into the number of people that visit our website. All data is anonymised and we do not sell nor share any data with third parties.

A cookie is a small file, typically of letters and numbers, downloaded on to a device when the user accesses our website. A cookie is stored on your hard drive.

### About Cookies

A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and allows us to improve our website.

By continuing to browse the website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. We may use the following cookies:

- Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.

### Analytics Providers

Please note that we use Google Analytics, which places cookies on your computer, to help the website analyse how visitors use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including a randomisation of your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing to us other services relating to website activity and internet usage. You can prevent Google’s collection and use of data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under [google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). Please visit [google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/](https://google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/) for further information on how Google uses your data.

### Rejecting Cookies

You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies or by choosing to deny Cookies when prompted, then no information will be collected whatsoever.

## Authors

### Nick Benton

I'm Nick Benton, an end-user computing specialist with over a decade of experience in consulting, architecture, design, and implementation of modern device management, and enterprise mobility solutions. I currently have the role of Principal Cloud Endpoint Consultant at [Phoenix Software Ltd](https://www.phoenixs.co.uk/) who were the Global Microsoft Partner of the Year for Modern Endpoint Management 2023, where my main focus is assisting customers in their road to a modern workplace cloud first approach, using Microsoft Intune, with a focus on migration, security and zero touch deployments.

I use this website as a platform to share content with the community, based on solutions I find, to problems encountered in real world scenarios.

### Jonathan Fallis

I currently work as a Technical Consultant in the Cloud Endpoint practice at [Phoenix Software Ltd](https://www.phoenixs.co.uk/) (who, in recognition for outstanding achievements, have been awarded Microsoft Partner of the Year for 2023), specialising in the deployment and management of Microsoft Intune, a pivotal tool for modern device management and application deployment.

Beyond working with Microsoft Intune, I am passionate about PowerBI Reporting and PowerShell scripting. This interest extends beyond professional obligation, reflecting a genuine enthusiasm for the products and trying to apply them to everyday life. Whether supporting clients on their cloud journey, harnessing PowerBI for insightful data reporting or crafting PowerShell scripts to automate complex tasks day-to-day, I’m normally geeking out somewhere.

Outside of tech, I am a father, motorcyclist, petrol head and a big football & music fan.
